so I had given to me three guinea pigs
the mummy guinea pig the daddy guinea
pig that's a baby guinea pig we call
them mommy oh daddy oh and baby oh SI
glue stayed with me for a while and then
they had babies and more wavy skin and
is it that a guinea pig went with the
baby kaely big also more babies came a
lot of babies came one time something
happened and I don't know what it was
but salami guinea pig ate all the paper
delegates there were you born that was
pretty gross I came into room and
half-eaten bloody little conveying body
parts everywhere I mother guinea pig
sitting there munching on real
so anyways more guinea pigs came more
I'm soaking home I'm never going to end
so many bits so I am one day some of my
baby guinea pigs died and
salami guinea pigs tries to beat them
again maybe that's why they call them
guinea pig to me say like pigs eat
anything
anyhow then another guinea pig died one
of my well one in bits and I very start
I even quite
I took the guinea pig and that involved
it is some look something maybe close
and they took it to bury it to get the
place we're living this all volcano lock
everywhere at this time and they looking
what place to bury the skinny pig but
there is no place there is nothing there
or walks so I move a few rocks and put
inside and the guinea pig I put it walks
on top of it and it really nice little
place and they were sad you know it
sends the next day another guinea pig
died and I sad and they took the guinea
pig and I try to find a place to put in
a bit but it's very difficult uses a
lava rock in front while so see
I found a couple rocks moves in putting
any pig inside and then
he died
and I was sad and I was thinking what
the hell is going on here while making
if it's done so I took a big and I tried
it with the whole inside and I judgment
put some rock on top of it and I go away
and then another two guinea pigs died no
I don't know about anybody else but i'm
going to do you tired of everything i
took the guinea pig I put some dead on
in some little rocks and things and I
just left there then I notice that my
old original grave for the z4 skinny
tail z Mongoose know these creatures
like fed similar is chemin t
to considered body of the canopy they
each give up they took it out to drag it
out of the grave and so I'm looking what
the hell so anyhow more guinea pig died
and they're pretty soon I just took the
guinea pigs grab some and the Chuck cell
as far as I could into the bushes
is what happens when we get on death's
too much you don't care after well just
you just get very colors really hard are
guilty you don't care anymore and they
took all the girls and lay Chuck's and
all and bushes and yes the night then
everyone a second offense was dead
except for mummy all that you on the
baby oh maybe one more that's all death
you know everyone is going to die you
are going to die it's like you dilated
eye so chanta Krishna